no
If getting games faster is something doable, cool. It does not bother me at all tho, it's actually pretty fast already.
No idea
I'd like to see the system get closer to automated so we don't have to wait for someone to manually put things up. The only other thing I can think of is if the pages could be edited for new versions instead of deleted on dl.rpdl.net
Linking F95 on the the game's torrent page. Sometimes I want to make sure I'm grabbing the right game or see if there are mods.
Probably not possible, but I would love it when we can also download the walkthrough and the mods for the games too.
It would be nice if possible, but I don't care.
Nope
I want to se how mutch i have uploadet
None
I'm mostly interested in seeding (all torrents) being more streamlined.
nothing
Get games faster
games with the most content or main category of game, i.e. domination/harem/dating/animated
I'm good
Still happy so far. 
If we ever make it real big and have storage room to spare and operating costs to spare, I'd be interested in you guys hosting art collections, similar to how F95 has art collections for example, exga, since those tend to be huge and I have a lot of issues with downloading them, especially with NOPY gone now. BUT I want games to remain our first priority.
getting a lil bit fastdr but its ok already
not really
Maybe faster releases? But still, the rate which torrents are being released is great already
No
rpdl is very good already, but I think the search in rpdl.net should be improved. For example, if you type "Luna", no results are found, but "Luna's fall from Grace" is on the list.
unsure if doable, pre-patched versions of games
Maybe a recruiting Tab on the Website 
Add animations & comics & assets as well; Link to the actual webpage inside of the torrent (esp to find mods); Possibly Android or Mac version if available.
Nothing your doing a great job
Either an API or RSS feed would be nice. The speed of getting games has been good ;)
Ability to list more results per page instead of being limited to just 20. Allow a dropdown menu to select 50, 75 and 100
No, you are great the way you are (kek)
expanding the archive  - maybe - adding features
Not really right now.
More automation features - both for people wanting to contribute and those wanting downloads.
more automation to scrape and provide torrents faster, also to get magnets over to f95.
I'd like to see games appear faster but I can understand if you want to expand and get more games, features
Expanded search/search result list
only thing is providing them a little sooner sometime. Mostly very good though.
just kick sams ass over f95 to make him embed your torrents into f95. maybe even spread it out on other websites. makes seeding for others even more satisfying! sharing is caring!
a lewdpatcher integration for the landlady and roomates edit, but it would be icing on the cake. The games are quickly available on the tracker so i don't think going the extra step is necessary
tags, so I don't need to visit f95 as much. 
developing features.
Not really.
