It's clean, easy to navigate. I like it. 
Some additional info about the game or link with redirect to game site would be neat but not really needed, just a nice feature.
the links from the main rpdl.net site on it, instead of having two separate sites
I do enjoy the magnet downloads.
I would like to see more results per page than the current 20.
Nothing, that's perfect
Don't know much about it tbh
Links from the torrent page to the game page on F95
It's not bad for now.
Easy way to download all the torrents, tracker error in client when torrent is replaced
nothing comes to mind, works pretty good as is
indifferent
Torrent RSS feed
Open in a new tab!!
it's good
We have magnets, I am happy.
I'd like to be able to navigate pages easier. Right now I can't really tell which page I'm on or what pages I've already browsed, when browsing an entire list of games on the website. If I can see in the page navigation area, a couple of page numbers before the page I'm on and a couple of page numbers after the page I'm on, as well as the page number I'm on at moment (highlighted), that would be great. Think like how the lastest updates page looks on F95.
Having to logging in
can't think of one
No complaints
Would be nice to have an option to sort torrents by most downloads this week, month and year. Also a thumbs up and down button mostly for your convenience. If a torrent has a ton of downvotes something must be wrong with it. Lastly, a link under the torrent to the game's thread on F95 would be nice as well
I'm very happy with the current features.
8/10, search feature is a bit buggy but works
Link to F95 in website
Add total number downloaded, X GB downloaded, X GB uploaded, UL/DL ratio
The website is nice with new tags like system.would like if you can add the old f95zone links at the bottom like the old website.
Has been good so far
Definitely a ratings column; pull F95 ratings of the games from forums, if at all possible. Also perhaps allow people to opt-in to be shown on some sort of a leaderboard where the biggest seeders will be shown (globally and per torrent)
Tags (for example, copied from f95), maybe previews (or is it bad idea?)
In the description of the respective torrent there should be a link to the respective developer (Patreon, Subscribestar, whatever...) Depending on the development of the relationship between us and F95, the F95 link should also be given.
It seems "limited" but enough for what it is. I could come up with a few but It would mostly be about links and stuff like that.
RSS please
no opinion, mainly want something that is transparent, secure, and minimalistic.
I think it's already pretty neat. I like how minimalistic and yet feature-rich it is
It's ok, don't know what to change
Seems to work and is basic which I like
for me it's simply a torrent fetch. everything that bloats it in some way or the other feels unecessary for me. like having to log in (i do understand why it was done though). if you keep it private though, make an alphabetical list with jump sections to each letter (makes navigation easier).
maybe a link to the game page on F95, or a preview picture to help visualising the game (when there are 5 with almost the same title, could be nice to avoid errors)
Tags
so far things seem fine
Haven't used it a lot yet. Think it looks nice though. 
