I've found everything I wanted so far so it's all good. 
So far so good :)
I'd like some games with custom engines and some Unity, but RPGM is just :barf:
It doesn't matter to me. Since I donate, I could make requests, right?  I'm just happy I don't have to change my IP Address because of Mega's limit as much because of  your service.
I am personally only interested in RenPy, but having other engines too is fantastic.
I'm satisfied with the content.
Fine
I want to se it all as torrents
I want Them All.
yes i like 
I'd like to have rpdl become defacto downlading service on F95
dont really care, as most good stuff is renpy
All of the above
It's fine, as it is now.
Fine as they are
I would like to see more RPGM/Unity/Unreal even tho most of them suck ass
Happy, all that I have wanted is either there or has been filled in a request immediatley. 
Yes I'm happy with the current selection of content available.
i prefer renpy
fine
Things are fine as they are
Are you kidding me? You're doing god's work. Everything's fine.
For me, only some Unity VNs (Agent of Heels, Mystwood Manor, e.g.) and RPGM (Crimson Veil). But lately, more of these games have been added.
expand to some of the more popular games
More Unity Games 
More of all of the above
Yes more genres would be nice
More content is always nice, even though the current content is already good
All fine
Yes, games on non-RenPy engines will be awesome, also many of them don't have fast download links, so torrents for them will help a lot (you can start with completed games or do them on request)
I'm open for all.
There's some unity games I'd like to see, but I can see different uploaders going for different engines. Indifferent.
Let selected contributors maintain any kind of media
would like to see any popular game regardless of engine.
Finem I prefer Ren'Py games but Unreal and Unity usually big in size so I don't mind if we have them too
I know it is a big ask, but maybe certain mods should be allowed (like stand-alone and total conversion mods)
Generally fine
the more the merrier
Maybe a few unity (mystwood manor etc), but keeping it focused on renpy games is the best option
no strong opinion. 
Selection is good, some more could be added, if space is available
I think it's fine as it is. 
